[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to my
morning routine so this is the routine
that I have on days where I get up at 4
a.m. which is not everyday in university
about quite a few times because I'm just
a lot more productive in the morning so
once my alarm rings I immediately get
out of bed because I know otherwise it's
just not gonna happen and then I go to
the bathroom and I just quickly wash my
face and you know put in some serum
brush my teeth all these things just to
make sure that you know I feel more
awake and I try not to turn on all the
lights in my room yet because I know I'm
not ready for it and I also get dressed
and then I go back into my room and I
turn on all the lights and make my bed
because as soon as my bed is made I'm
just less tempted to go back into it
which is really important because waking
up at 4 a.m. is not fun and then I get
my makeup done just you know feel like
I'm ready to face the day and then I do
a little calm session so calm is an app
where you can listen to sleep stories
but you also have a daily calm thing
which is a 10-minute thing which just
gets you in the mood for the day
but when I have less time I just go for
a quick and easy thing like a deep
concentration one it's just two minutes
sitting down looking into it and it just
gets you focused and kind of makes you
start your day a bit more intentional
which is why I really like it and then I
open up my laptop and I read the New
York Times morning briefing this is a
free morning briefing you can just get
it delivered to your laptop every day I
find it super super useful just so you
know stay up to date without having to
read a full newspaper and then I look at
my to-do list for today because I always
have a to-do list when I wake up really
early to make sure I don't waste a day
and first off is laundry because I
really really needed to do laundry that
day so I just grabbed all my stuff and
went off to the laundry room
[Music]
[Laughter]
now as you can see the laundry room is a
hot mess at this time of the term
because people have forgotten their
stuff in there or just you know haven't
had time to take it back yet
but I just put all my stuff into the
washing machines and then I just turned
them on and went back to my room to get
some more work done next up I'm just
Julis time my jurisprudence notes so I
had already done the reading I just
needed to type my notes so I just
quickly took the book out and type the
notes as things go relatively quickly
because you know what you're writing you
understood the reading so it's just you
know writing things down so it's good to
do that as a first thing because you
don't need a lot of brainpower for it
and then I went back to get my laundry
because I don't want to forget my
laundry like all the other people did um
the only scared of losing something in
the
and yep then it was time to go back to
work
[Music]
with Tier two do is done it was now time
for emails and I usually have a lot of
emails to reply to
because I also handle all my messages
for my blog for email so there is
usually a lot in my inbox in the morning
and I just quickly do that and I try to
limit myself to a maximum of 20 minutes
of working on emails because emails are
really really boring you know in a way
and it's just not something you should
be wasting your productive time on but I
still need to reply to all of them so
that's why I do it in the morning and
then it is time for some you know me
time because when you work all the time
you just need breaks in between so what
I usually do is I take a few minutes and
I just read in a book that I'm currently
reading or some poetry that I like and I
just take some time on my couch that a
timer and read a little bit in that
and once I finished my book it was time
for the last item on my to-do list which
was reading at Funland long because I
have a supervision relatively soon and
loud so I just needed to do a lot of
readings and I basically just sat down
there for over an hour and just you know
read because that's kind of what we have
to do once that was done I then went
around protect my back because breakfast
and college is surf at 8:00 a.m. so I
tried to get ready around 750 so that I
can you know get breakfast at 8:00 and
then go to dafuq we'll see you and yeah
that is pretty much my morning
[Music]
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed this morning
routine have a nice day fine
[Music]